We as human beings we love stories from past when we were used to live in caves and you know we used
really were Hunter hunter gatherers we used to love stories so users saw a scenario is basically a short
user story in which we will describe how the user is going to use your product van and in which circumstances
which conditions which problems they were using your product and what they were facing and things like
that.
So it is just a short story built on the context and behavior of your user why is using your product
or a similar product like yours.
So we are going to you know get more information about the usage and the context and user behavior from
these charge user scenarios.
Now there are few doors and dos of user scenarios.
So when you are building or writing a user scenario you are not going to tell each step performed by
a user that she clicked.
Now add to cart button then she clicked check out then she clicked something as then an error.
Then an error happened and she tried to remove it and things like that.
You are not going to tell each and every step taken.
Okay.
So it is a short story we are going to write it in a story format.
We are not going to elaborate each and every step taken by the user.
Now the things we are looking for in a user scenario is goals of our users motivations triggers.
Why.
Actually they are going to put JS this frock.
What are their expectations.
What are their actions.
They are taking what happened what is happening with them but they are frustrated or things like that.
So we are also going to look at the context.
For example she was sitting in her home.
Was she using our e-commerce mobile app.
Was she trying to use it on Internet Explorer using her P.C. was she on a laptop.
So things like that.
So this is actually the context.
Let's see the pass off user scenario.
Now here are some building blocks of a user scenario.
First thing is that we are going to use and attach a persona to a user's Nadia's story short story.
We are not writing like Gene was using things like that we are actually using the whole persona.
A group of users and their behavior and we are attaching it to your product.
Similarly we are going to go for motivation and triggers.
Why.
Actually they started this behavior.
Actually they were purchasing what happened why they were looking for shirts.
Add that to him at night.
Things like that.
Then we are also going to see the problems they face during the usage or user scenario how they actually
used it whether they were they were facing some problems in the meter maid or at the end and they were
satisfied or nah.
Things like that.
Also what is the problem.
They are trying to solve.
Is there any particular problem in their mind that I want to solve this I want to do this or this is
my problem.
Maybe they are purchasing this frock for some other reason maybe they want to order it for some party
or things like that so you need to find that problem what is the problem they are trying to solve.
Here is one example of user scenario using my product which is actually from clan an e-commerce store
for little goods.
So here is a user scenario I am going to show you another example of the same user scenario with some
other ending so there could be a lot of user scenarios which are related to different tasks and different
personas.
So right now I am using a persona off a busy mom.
So here it goes.
It's late night Zana a busy mom which is a persona needs to go to her office early in the morning so
you can see this is the need.
This is actually their behavior.
Why.
Actually they want to buy their dress because they they want to get off.
You can say that the burden of there is just that they want to buy it so they can easily relax and work
in office without any distraction.
But before that she needs to order a blue princess dress for her daughter so you can see blue Princess
means we are highlighting Blue.
Blue is actually the color so most of the e-commerce stores they don't have filtration based on colors.
So we are going to highlight that because this is a user need.
And this is really it can be a really great feature in our frocks and e-commerce store because it was
our daughter's first day at school.
She took her cell phone.
You can see this is the context so how actually they are going to use our product and search for Barbie
frocks.
So rather than you can see this is user behavior.
They are not going to any website or you want to direct me they are Googling it.
They are searching for Barbie frocks and we are also going to look at and use this term because when
I was doing research user research when I interviewed two users Barbie frocks was a term used for princess
dresses rather than you know princesses.
So they tried to type Barbie frocks.
She clicked Franklin from Google.
This is a scenario of reserves and saw Princess just sections.
She ordered via whatsapp number as it feels easier and quick.
So most of the people in my country they don't you know get very you can say familiar with other payment
options they if they feel that it's easier for them to use whatsapp number as it is direct and if they
want to ask some questions they can ask it to a real person.
So this is the need.
She hopes to get the item delivered by tomorrow so she is right now and she is at the end she is waiting
for her products.
She bought it to get delivered soon.
So this is another thing we need to look for.
Now here we have the same scenario.
Everything is almost the same but you can see at the end this is another behavior they are showing.
She she found princess just section and she didn't find the material of the dress.
So they were looking at this is actually about their selection.
So when they are they have found the product and they are selecting the product.
So this scenario uses scenario is to more about the selection of the product.
So there are different user scenarios for different things like logging might be something else for
Jack.
Check out might be some something some other user scenario.
There have been different problems using that feature Jack out then for sign ups.
There might be some other user scenarios or so for each user.
We are going to have different scenarios so how we actually gathered or make made these scenarios we
actually let our users do this task in the user interviews.
So when you are preparing a user interview actually I showed an open up view you can see a few screens
and let my user do the task so I gave them the tools that you need to order this address for your sister.
How would you do that.
OK.
So go ahead and use my B.S. and do it or how would you do it at your house use your mobile phone.
So this is how actually they did it and they actually tried to do things like that so you can see they
didn't find the material of the address at the end and she wants to make sure that it's gotten and e-mailing
the support at this time of the night was you know was not going to help out because it was with him.
So her problem is not solved.
So in the end she her problem is not solved.
See she is frustrated and things like that.
So this is actually we are going to build in a user scenario persona then their motivation why actually
what is a trigger why they are actually behaving like this then how actually they use the product they
order they use google and things like that they clicked over here the search for these terms then what
was the problem they were facing she didn't find the material of the dress.
This is a problem the first and then in the end what was their feelings at the end what what they frustrated
or things like that.
So this is of users now you I hope you have understood it and I hope you have will have no problem is
using it or making it and there are things you can get from here you can see there are a lot of requirements
and you you can see features of your product which you can extract from user scenario like we have dress
color filters and then we have material filters this is actually what our idea of uniqueness is based
on on about this frock Land project.
So that is all if you have any questions to ask me.
Let's move on to the next lesson.